well howdy there Internet people let's
bow again
so I guess president Trump wants to put
the Bible back in school had a kid asked
me about it yesterday I asked him what
the students are the school of thought
because they were talking about it and
he said that the Christian kids didn't
like the idea of lunch and I thought
that was fun asked him why he said that
they feel they get enough of that on
Sunday and that the non-christian kids
will they didn't seem to care if there
has ever been an indictment of the
modern church that's it
you know I'm all for it in a way I have
taken a lot of good from the Bible I
think most people could it's a great
text it's great book one of my favorite
passages of my paraphrasing a little bit
here says that we were all given a law
on a way of life and that if God had
wanted he could have made us all part of
one community one nation but he wanted
to see who was the most pious among us
so we're supposed to compete with each
other and doing good and that when we
return to God we will be informed about
all the ways in which we differed
definitely speaking about religious
tolerance of course that's not from the
Bible that's from the Quran taking a lot
of good from that book too
learned a lot from that as well so I
have no problem with religious texts
being taught in school as long as we're
teaching all of them and as long as
we're focusing on the philosophical
aspects of it and not trying to enforce
the moral code within it one of those
teaching the philosophy well that's
education the other that's
indoctrination that's wrong it is wrong
philosophy some that is sorely lacking
in this country people a lot people
don't think
and philosophy not just religious
philosophy but all philosophy helps you
do that especially studying various
types helps you come up with your own
time off form in a way but I have to
wonder how today's Christian would feel
if it was a another religious text that
somebody was trying to force into a
school you know none of you believes
until he wishes for his brother what he
wishes for himself it's also from Islam
that which is hateful to you do not do
to your fellow that is the whole Torah
everything else is just commentary do
not hurt others in ways you yourself
would find hurtful
that's Buddhism this is the sum of duty
do-nothings to others that would cause
pain if it would cause pain to you
attend do ISM and Christianity we call
that the golden rule right so I'm all
for teaching I'm all for teaching it
because I think that it might show the
similarities more than the differences
might give be one less thing for us to
be divided over people actually
understood them but I have to say the
reason for the downfall of Christianity
in the United States oh it's not because
people don't know the Bible problem is
they know it better than most Christians
and they see the hypocrisy especially
when it comes to politics you would not
want another religion doing this to you
so why would you do it to another one
why would you do to other people we're
just going to forget the teachings of
Jesus simply because it's politically
expedient that is why Christianity is on
the decline
hypocrisy is so blatant you could choke
on it if you don't follow your own code
of ethics why on earth would you expect
someone else to now to set everybody's
mind at ease this isn't gonna happen
it's really not okay this has been ruled
on over and over and over again it's
just not going to occur they're not
going to turn public schools into
religious institutions and if some
school district does I assure you the
Church of Satan will show up and this
isn't a joke if you're not familiar with
them look into them it's kind of
interesting they'll show up and they'll
demand that their holy texts be talked
to and they'll take them to court and
they'll win because that's how the law
works and they have done this quite a
few times in the past
yeah I'm not I'm not gonna speak for
their church so to speak but uh it's
definitely worth taking a look at their
actions and the ultimate irony is that
today's Church of Satan embodies most of
the ideals of Christianity better than
most Christian churches
anyway philosophy is definitely
something that the American people can
benefit from it is definitely something
that should be talked not just religious
philosophy but all philosophy because
the goal of education should not be to
teach you what to think it should be to
teach you how to think and philosophy is
critical for that anyway it's just a
thought
Dola y'all have a good day